I am so excited it is my first official
night as a knockout
and Brooke Hogan that I can get physical
with anyone I want and it's open by
night now's your chance Tom's been one
woman who has ridiculed me physically
assaulted me
she cost me my job as a referee I don't
think it's any secret I'm crawling out
Gail Kim
this girl's crazy girl Taryn is crazy
she can't deal Jim it's going to be very
interesting to watch this transition
from epistle to active wrestler for Tara
we're going to see how she does
but hold up here Oh is Galya
abilities
let us obscure
now me
Terran Terran sweetheart
first off rookie mistake honey you think
on your first night out here as a
knockout on open plane tonight you're
going to call me out the greatest female
wrestler that ever lived
really do you really want to embarrass
yourself like that on national
television
besides not only have you rubbed me the
wrong way but I happen to know that
you've rubbed other people the wrong way
particularly one person who wanted to
call you out tonight and she happens to
be a former champion so Tara why don't
you come out here and help me take care
of business tonight
: archives Jam
you can hang
this is going to work
I'll see there you go oh my goodness
right so you could challenge someone
that's enough to say it looks
challenging the go on it's ridiculous
has Jerry challenged Gail Kim it's must
be a one-on-one matches Mike documented
look at this is it tamale
are you not getting even this side look
at big clothesline there by the
Knockouts chain dividing and conquering
Oh Tara hits hard on the floor
of Tyrell
when shows up with its to our to our
stowing away